docs: PEM-10794: Force Registry Sync (#10463)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/registries-and-packs/registries/registries.md

## Synchronization

Registries are automatically synchronized with Palette every 24 hours and can also be synced manually from the Tenant
Admin scope (**Tenant Settings** > **Registries** > three-dot menu > **Sync**). You can interrupt and restart an ongoing
synchronization process using the **Force sync** option if the synchronization has been in progress for at least one
hour.

Automatic synchronization is optional for Helm registries. When you disable synchronization, you must manually
synchronize the Helm registry with Palette. Refer to the [Helm Registry](helm-charts.md#synchronization-behavior)

> resource to learn more about the synchronization behavior of Helm registries.

Author: ```suggestion
synchronize the Helm registry with Palette. Refer to [Helm Registry](helm-charts.md#synchronization-behavior)
to learn more about the synchronization behavior of Helm registries.
```
